custom_target: Deprecate depend_files kwarg (#11061)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/snippets/depend_files.md

## Deprecated `depend_files` keyword argument

`custom_target()` had two similar keyword arguments: `depends` and `depend_files`.
They have been merged together, `depends` now accepts Files and string arguments,
and `depend_files` has been deprecated.

> Similar change has been done on functions that uses custom_target() internally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A similar change has been done on functions that use custom_target() internally:
```

> Similar change has been done on functions that uses custom_target() internally:

Author: Fixed.
